Allow customization of determining cache keys (#2162)
nuwave/lighthouse: docs/master/performance/caching.md

}
```

## Implementing your own cache key generator

> In laravel `AppServiceProvider.php`, bind the [`Nuwave\Lighthouse\Support\Contracts\CacheKeyAndTags.php`](https://github.com/nuwave/lighthouse/blob/master/src/Support/Contracts/CacheKeyAndTags.php) interface to your cache key generator class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In one of your application service providers, bind the [`Nuwave\Lighthouse\Support\Contracts\CacheKeyAndTags.php`](https://github.com/nuwave/lighthouse/blob/master/src/Support/Contracts/CacheKeyAndTags.php)
interface to your cache key generator class:
```

```php
$this->app->bind(CacheKeyAndTags::class, YourOwnCacheKeyGenerator::class);

> ```
> You can extend lighthouse [`Nuwave\Lighthouse\Cache\CacheKeyAndTagsGenerator.php`](https://github.com/nuwave/lighthouse/blob/master/src/Cache/CacheKeyAndTagsGenerator.php) class and override the methods or implement the interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You can extend [`Nuwave\Lighthouse\Cache\CacheKeyAndTagsGenerator.php`](https://github.com/nuwave/lighthouse/blob/master/src/Cache/CacheKeyAndTagsGenerator.php)
to override certain methods, or implement the interface from scratch.
```
